you
hey guys this is Steve Huff at Steve
Huff photo calm I'm back again today
with a couple of lenses to show you this
is the SLR magic 35 millimeter T 1.4 you
can see the 1.4 right there it is
basically they're fast lens which is
available on most mirrorless mounts this
one is mounted in the Fuji X mount and
it doesn't require adapters you order it
in the mounts you want so if you want
any X you specify you want it for any X
next mount if you want a are Micro Four
Thirds I was going to say om D because
it's Micro Four Thirds but Micro Four
Thirds
you specify Micro Four Thirds they also
have this in the EOS m mount for the
little Canon mirrorless offering which I
have not talked much about because when
I tried it I was not very happy with it
so I didn't even bother to review it
though I may review it - coming up soon
so this is the Fuji or I'm sorry the SLR
magic here's the Fuji the SLR magic 35 T
1.4 lens and I have been using it and
testing it on the Fuji XE one and it's
all manual focus so you manually focus
right here and it has manual aperture as
well starting at one point four this is
a Cinna lens so it's clickless aperture
it doesn't click when you change the
aperture so you basically move it it's
very smooth for video this is
outstanding the out-of-focus quality the
bouquet quality of this lens is supposed
to be its top feature its main draw
Andrew from SLR magic said this lens is
not about overall sharpness and detail
it's more about the bouquet quality of
the lens so on my website as stiva photo
comm I did a full review of the lens
with photo samples so you can see for
yourself see what you think of it the
lens comes with an all-metal cap
for the base and an all-metal cap for
the top and right now SLR magic is
selling this lens for 279 at an
introductory price the build is solid
this feels like a like of 15 super Lux
in the hand I'm not saying it's built as
well as the Leica because obviously it's
not this is a $279 lens I really can't
tell you what's on the inside but this
copy right here that I have at least is
very solid
it's very hefty and it's all metal it's
a very well made lens and for under $300
you sit there and you scratch your head
and say wow this is a deal four hundred
three hundred ollars when you first open
the box and feel it very well made lens
compared to the Fuji 35 1.4 which is
right here it's taller the Fugees a
little fatter maybe but they're about
the same Fuji's a little fatter Fuji is
autofocus comes in at around 549 this is
manual focus comes in at 279 at the
introductory price both are very good
lenses the Fuji like I said is autofocus
the SLR magic is not the Fuji is going
to be much sharper especially at 1.4 I
should say it's going to be much sharper
wide open at 1.4 once you stop down the
SLR magic it gets bitingly sharp but
again it's manual focus I've had a lot
of misses with this because there's no
focus peaking and looking through the
little viewfinder sometimes it's hard to
nail when you're wide open on the SLR
magic the same time the Fuji is gorgeous
of a lens as it can be it also misses
sometimes mostly in lower light it'll
miss it'll it'll lock on but it'll miss
focus sometimes so I've had a few
problems with this lens but overall it's
a beautiful lens and the image quality
when it nails it is stellar from the
Fuji and when this nails it it's also
quite special so I prefer the color
coming out of the Fuji lens you get more
of that Fuji look and sometimes I notice
the color is a little dull coming out of
the SLR magic lens but again you're
looking at 279 versus 550 this is a
heavier lens it feels more it feels more
solid than the Fuji which is a little on
the light side but the Fuji also which
love has the manual or the aperture
manual aperture but this one clicks so
you know when you're click to the next
aperture very smooth here the Fuji can
manually focus but I don't really
suggest it and manually focusing on a
Fuji body is not the best experience
when you're using a fly-by-wire lens
such as this this is not that type of
lens
I'm sorry focused by wire this is a true
manual focus lens so there you go
there's a look at the SLR magic t35 t1
for 35 millimeter equivalent which will
give you about a 50 on a Fuji X body due
to the aps-c crop and the Fuji 35 1.4 AF
lens which will give you the same thing
about a 50 so $550 introductory price to
79 this is the sharper lens the better
colour lens you know in general this one
will give you some really cool results
as well it's a huge step up from their
old toy lenses and you're not really
paying too much more so for the money if
you want a manual focus lens with some
nice out-of-focus renderings and some
cool qualities this is a very serious
contender in the mirrorless world right
now and it's not too expensive so there
you go there's my look at the two lenses
the Fuji DSLR magic if you want to see
the full review go to Steve Huff photo
comm bye
you